

War erupts again, in the Middle East, never seems to end, violence in the streets, smell the stench of death, vultures feast. Destruction will commence, Saddam has gone insane for declaring jihad upon the United Nations, this will surely be his demise, he's developed biological weapons and ready to destroy in the name of Allah. Like the mustard gas he launched upon us during Desert Storm, arming a million citizens with guns preparing them to kill, warnings he will not heed, bombs will fly, destruction will commence, the messiah won't die. Obliterated Iraqis scorched in napalm flames, breathe the acidic carnage, overlooking heaps of flesh melting, believed he had the power to start a world war, unleashed his blessed famine, exposing us to gore. Asesinar la anti-christo, derrimar santo sangre, angilar todo su jotos, fumar mas mota. The world is at war, fight for our lives, death veers its face, struggle amongst the human race, desperate man falls in defeat, determined to kill as much as he can, brain washed fools enforce his master plan. We can't kill the devil, god is why so many died, religious wars claimed so many lives, mother nature has been raped by progress, I fly my last mission and feel great remorse for these crimes against humanity. This is their way to bring peace; he spreads his disease, history regurgitates. I won't kill no more, I just want to get stoned, I miss my family. War hides poverty stimulates the economy, dying for oil, ocean start to boil. Desecrated sand, pollute existing lands, this would have never happened if we legalized industrial hemp, a source of oil and clothing, not fighting someone else's war for big money interest. The damage to this earth is nearly irreversible, we destroy our children's dreams, jihad is a bunch of shit because so many perished because of it!

 

This is the end you've gone too far talking shit incision emotional scars, you'll rot away, ulcers bleed today, bleeding profusely, yet you refuse to quit, grab a bottle of gin and take a healthy swig, I've tried to help you, yet you refuse me, because I smoke pot, you've never seen me in a drunken stupor, for years I've watched you be a pathetic fool, people have robbed you. Not any more I'm leaving home, sordid man you will die alone. Analytical your words they echo in my head, I'll miss you more when you are dead, for all the hateful things you said, analytical! You could never hold a job, ever since the death of mom, but I tried to help you, the years of drinking own your soul, you're addicted now, it's beyond your control, I hate you and wish I were never born, zombified there is no hope, paralyzed succumb to the pain in you, father you will writhe in pain, ostracized renounce thy family name, sad as it is I wish the best for you, I smoke weed to keep from killing you...you must let go of the past, mom is dead and never coming back, 16 years of verbal abuse, I was forced to live my life with a chronic alcoholic, success was my only goal, all the times I was told I was a worthless piece of shit, you were never there for me, I supported myself without your help, because I can't stand you, you are stupid, going senile xerosis infected. The cycle of this disease has been broken by me, die die die

