

Smif-N-Wessun ft. Rock - “Wontime”
[Emcee(s): Steele and Tek]
[Producer(s): Mr. Walt and Rich Blak]
[Sample (Drums): James Brown - “Funky President (People It’s Bad)” (0:02)]
[Hook/Additional Vocals: Rock]

[Intro: Sample]
“One bullet”

[Verse 1: Steele]
Before I lay my head down to rest, I roll up
A nickel sack of cess to relieve the stress
The herb and the calisthenics do a nigga justice
Stay fit ‘cause some are slick and can’t be trusted
I put up with none of them punks who front shit
Even though some I used to run with and smoke blunts with
Fuck the foreplay.  Let’s do shit the raw way
Kill the “he say, she say.”  Check what we say

[Verse 2: Tek]
I’m dwelling in the cellar with my niggas Heltah Skeltah
Loading up the clips with lyrics, punks run for shelter
Smif-N-Wessun’s on the loose with a noose for your neck
You let info slip out, so it’s dead you get
There’s the Black Moon, we creeping up in your room
Death fills the air along with the scent of boom
Open your eyes, motherfuckers, and greet your fear
Off with the head of a snitch, and he’s outta here

[Hook: Rock]
One rhyme for the snitch dropping dime (One time!)
One rhyme for the heads doing time (One time!)
One rhyme for the crooks committing crime (One time!)
One time for your motherfucking mind
One rhyme for the snitch dropping dime (One time!)
One rhyme for the heads doing time (One time!)
One rhyme for the crooks committing crime (One time!)
One time for your motherfucking mind

[Bridge: Sample]
“One bullet”

[Verse 3: Steele]
Sitting in
The pens with my back against the gate, hot as a fuck
Can’t wait to get that bus heading upstate
New place, same faces from the last joint
Got my banger, so when danger come, I’ll be on point
In the parallel cell, mad niggas flip
‘Cause some big bear doing dip just got his ass ripped
Juveniles buck wild in this vicinity
Keep an open eye ‘cause now I sleep with the enemy
Ready to thump with any chump with ideas
Nobody move, nobody gets blown from ears to rear

[Verse 4: Tek]
Thinking of a way to get even with my P.O
‘Cause I know the bitch dicked a nigga on the D-Low
Now behind bars where scars come in pairs
Trooping with my blowers ‘case them niggas try to bring it here
Flipping on the bitch ass who got cash
And commissary ‘cause I ain’t going home ‘til Nevuary
Another straight-out “no” coming from the board
Keep my anger hidden ‘til I’m back up in the ward
Niggas know what’s the word ‘cause the grill is blank
Once again, it’s on.  Sucker-type, grab your shanks

[Hook: Rock]
One rhyme for the snitch dropping dime (One time!)
One rhyme for the heads doing time (One time!)
One rhyme for the crooks committing crime (One time!)
One time for your motherfucking mind

[Verse 5: Steele]
Well, I was taught two wrongs don’t make a right, but me and
Rippa been real tight for a while, and everything’s aight
I got one in store for hardcore fanatics
Banging from basement to attic for static if you got dramatics
Who’s the next up for heads up?  When my lead’s
Used up, I’ll get my baseball bat, and you’ll get bruised up

[Verse 6: Tek]
Word
Life, my semi-automatic end statics.  Smoking lye’s
More than a habit, and our victims die tragic
We stalk around like the beast out for prey
Packing the ammo, pulling more juks by the day, taking
Loot with my crimeys, on the run from the coppers
Boot Camp’s on the map, and ain’t no way that you can stop us

[Verse 7: Steele]
Get out
My way, nigga.  I’m coming through deep, and my fleet
Packs heat.  Ain’t nothing sweet, we play for keeps.  I got
Money on my mind and my hand on my nine
Gots to get mine ‘cause my life’s on the line.  I
Roll with the Rippa, and the Rippa rolls with me
And my bred-dread D-to-the-O-G

[Verse 8: Tek]
See?
We be hitting up boom spots a lot
In the cypher, getting high with the hoods on the block
If you don’t know we, don’t even come in our circle
Fuck around and get me vexed and I’ma hurt you
Bumba clot rudeboy, lick off your nine
As we hit you one time for you fucking mind

[Hook: Rock]
One rhyme for the snitch dropping dime (One time!)
One rhyme for the heads doing time (One time!)
One rhyme for the crooks committing crime (One time!)
One time for your motherfucking mind
One rhyme for the snitch dropping dime (One time!)
One rhyme for the heads doing time (One time!)
One rhyme for the crooks committing crime (One time!)
One time for your motherfucking mind

[Outro: Sample]
“One bullet”

