

[Intro]
Lay down your funky weapon
Yeah y'all, here we go
Pumping the big noise in the 90's

[Verse 1]
Pardon me for living, but this is my world too
I can't help that what's cool to us might be strange to you
Pardon me for breathing, can we borrow some of your air?
The problem with you and your kind is that you don't know love is there

[Pre-Chorus]
Lay down your funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only things worth fighting for

[Chorus]
We are the new power generation, we want to change the world
The only thing that's in our way is you
Your old fashioned music, your old ideas
We're sick and tired of you telling us what to do

[Verse 2]
Pardon me for thinking, but there's something under my hair
I bet you thought the lights were on but no one's living there
You think that if you tell enough lies they will see the truth?
I hope they bury your old ideas the same time they bury you

[Pre-Chorus]
Lay down your funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only things worth fighting for

[Chorus]
We are the new power generation, we want to change the world
The only thing that's in our way is you
Your old fashioned music, your old ideas
We're sick and tired of you telling us what to do

[Interlude]
We are the new
We are the new, we are the new
Making love and music
New power, we stand

[Verse 3]
Pardon us for caring, we didn't know it was against the rules (shout it out)
If we only want to love one another
Then tell me now who's the fool (tell me, tell me)
No father, no mother, no sister, no brother, nobody can make me stop
Said if you didn't come to party child, I think you better get up of my block

[Pre-Chorus]
Lay down your funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only things worth fighting for

[Chorus]
We are the new power generation, we want to change the world
The only thing that's in our way is you
Your old fashioned music, your old ideas
We're sick and tired of you telling us what to do
We are the new power generation, we want to change the world
Go on and get up off my block
The only thing that's in our way is you
Get up off my block, because
Your old fashioned music, your old ideas
Love is there if you'd just open up to it
We're sick and tired of you telling us what to do
If you'd just believe your whole world would change

[Outro]
New power generation, you've got to rearrange
We are the new power generation, you've got to give up all the fight
We are the new power generation
We got to try to love one another, baby
We are the new power generation
We are the new power generation

 

[Spoken Intro: Morris Day]
Yo Stella, if you think I'm afraid of you
Grace, if you so much as think I can't do the do
Girl, if you dream I came to jerk around
You better wake up and release it

Party people in the crib get hyped
Let's get this party funking right, come on, (Hey), come on
(Release it) Listen to me now, release it (Hey)
Come, come, come on, release it

[Verse 1: Morris Day]
Who's crib is this? (My crib)
Who's wine you drinking? (Mine)
Who asked your ugly ass what time it was? (Nobody)
Because we doing fine
Take it all off - bass
I need the funk in my face
I can't stand tight asses in my place
Let's get hyped y'all
Release it

[Bridge]
(Hey, release it)
(Hey) What time it is? Band
It's time to get sleazy up in here
Mary Sweet Mother Jesus
Talk that talk, Morris

[Verse 2: Morris Day & Jerome Benton]
Oh stella, I know you came alone
Because it isn't just any man qualified to take you home
Me? No I'm not a man. Jerome? He's an adventure
Oh! Somebody slap me
I don't know. Party people in the crib get hyped. (Hey)
Party people in the crib get hyped. (Hey)
Release it. Yes
(Hey, release it, hey)
Jerome? (Yo)
When this solo's through, Jerome? (Morris?)
Find me a stella to rap to. (Yes) (Hey, hey)

[Verse 3: Morris Day & Jerome Benton]
Who's beat is this? (My beat)
Who's horns are these blowing? (Mine)
Who asked your dumb ass how to catch a groove? (Nobody)
Because we doing the do. Jerome. (Yes?)
Who's Stella is this? (My Stella)
Who's Stella is this? (My Stella)
Then what's she doing over here with me? (Umm)
Then what's she doing over here with me? (Umm)
Who told you that women like men with no money?
Release it, boy
Go on stella, dance
Say man, back up, give me some room
Dance, shake it like a peckerwood
(Release it)

[Verse 4: Morris Day & Jerome Benton]
Over and over and over and over and over and over
Your girlfriends told you that I'm the rover
But I'm here to scold ya that if you live alone
Then we can bone (Hey)
Give me a number to phone, you groan
And I am so, if you say no
Instead of crying, I'll keep trying
Until you're dying to have me for your own
So peep stella, peep stella
If you think that I'm afraid of you, (Do it, MD)
If you think that I'm afraid of you, (Rap to her)
If you think that I can't do the do (Yeah, papa)
If you think that I can't do the do (Woo)
If you think I came to jerk around (Don't say it)
You better wake up stella, (Wake up) this is my town

[Outro: Morris Day & Jerome Benton]
(Release it)
Man, let them drums kick
Let's get the hell out of here
Let's do it
(Release it, hey)
Motherfucker, get your ass out of my way
(Hey, hey, release it)
(Hey, hey, release it)
(Hey, hey, release it)

 

[Verse]
So what is the answer to the question of you
What do I look for, what shall I do?
Which way do I turn when I'm feeling lost?
If I sell my soul, now what will it cost?
Must I become naked? No image at all?
Shall I remain upright? Or get down and crawl?
All of the questions in my life will be answered
When I decide which road to choose
What is the answer to the question of you?

[Guitar Solo]

[Outro]
You

