

[Intro]
Aha , y'nahmean?
Word up, just wanna bring em to it real
Real rugged like, uhh, man
Make me feel like I'm method out and all that, y'nahmean?
Go diggin, uhh check it

[Verse 1]
I bring the butter, huh
Make you wanna creep up on one another, huh
I'm mad sharp like a box cutter, huh
I got the fam rollin like brothers, huh
We in the mecca, Moey, rollie glistenin
Rainin on niggas so bad they think it's drizzlin
Ground zero funk track it's mega
Doin wild damage to your arm, legga legga
Who's that? The bawla, the player, the mister with the techniques
Pumpin blends, creepin up the backstreets
Throw your rocks up high and let em gleam
It's the Uncle what? Uncle L makes a wild scene
And I be blowin all the rookies out the frame
And they be knowin Uncle's flowin in the game
Queens to uptown I'm gettin down for my crown
When you see me comin thru just gimme a pound
And say....

[Verse 2]
Yeah
I'm bout to wet it up, get it up
Take a track, drape it in jewels and set it up
I'm so nasty with mines, I warm it up like raw liquor
Dime pieces throw it at me like a free picker
I'm open, I let the funk soak in
I taste like an eighth, ya freeze and start chokin
Yeah son I'm all up in ya mix
Ya callin in your clique, I'm bawlin wit'cha trick
Golden rocks fallin off my neck and wrists
When I breeze by, you be groovin in the midst
Of my cycle, every move I make is vital
Crucial, official, brothers sayin "L we miss you"
Much love to all the shooby doobies and cliques
While you're bawlin in the coupe you know I had to get the six
Get your swerve on boo, chill wit me
Get me, I want the CREAM, baby hit me

Now take it to the bridge

[Bridge]
(Keep it comin baby)
(Keep it comin baby)
(Keep it comin baby)
Keep on
*repeat x4*

[Verse 3]
Somebody tell me the way I keep comin up
Funk runnin up and mad spots is blowin up
It gets hot when I manifest melodies
Beatin niggas all in their heads, so what you tellin me?
Get your drink on, throw you mink on
Let your head nod, stick it out, that's what I'm talkin bout
I got ya deep deep down inside my mixture
Swervin curbs, servin as I fixed ya
Formulated and combinated, the people congregated
You frontin for nothin, your crew is overrated
And I'ma take it on down to the AM
Keep the drama flowin til the party cave in
Uhh, I get you open, baby come and get a fix
Yo, that's word to mother I be droppin mad shit
Let's organise, bounce together for real son
Trick a little though, sip a little Moe, peace one

[Outro]
(Keep it comin baby) Keep it goin baby
(Keep it comin baby) Keep it goin baby
(Keep it comin baby) Keep it goin baby
(Keep it comin baby) Keep on
*repeat x4*

 

[Produced by The Trackmasters]

[Intro]
Word up! Ya know what I'm sayin'?
I gotta globe in the world in the mail today
NahI'msayin? Heh, word up!
Uhh, kid told me "Yo, the world is yours kid, put it in ya pocket"
Nahmean?
Make a brother feel good, word up!
Brother feel energized
I wanna dedicate this one to the game that put me on the map
Y'nahI'msayin?

[Verse 1]
I know you love it, the game is so irresistible to touch
You should see me when fiendin' for microphones that I can clutch
Droppin' bombs, combinin' the club attracts
Like the old Sugarhill Gang, King Tim and Fatback
There's no question the suggestion was made
The foundation was laid when the Furious played
Grandmaster Flash slayed competition that was wishin'
They could serve the technician with the number one position
Ugh, the real deal, Fearless Four scored
Bambaataa was hotter, Spoonie was givin' em nata
An' I was all up in my headzone, melody and' all
Cosign and The Movement sayin', "Yes, yes y'all"
It's just the love affair that never ended
I recommended that I take microphones and blow 'em up
Ain't that splendid?
This one goes out to all the hip-hop do-or-diers
A song is dedicated to the music I admire

[Chorus]
Whenever and ever
We want you, I need you (I need hip-hop)
Whenever and ever
We want you, do you feel the same way too? (I need hip-hop)

[Verse 2]
Kane's era was terror, he warmed it up
Parrish and Erick, cat lyrics that'll make ya turn it up
And I was in the cut, chillin' in my drop-top Benz with friends, Loungin' with my mens, laughin' 'bout all the ends that I spends
Making snaps, pumping Kool G Rap and Biz
Dapper Dan, Dookie wrotes I'm about to show what time it is
At the rooftop, I was with Doug E.Fresh and Slick Rick
"La Di Da Di, who likes to party?" was the fat shit
I mean, I saw this hip-hop thing on every level
Chuck D, P.E., yes, the rhythm and the rebel
I can reminisce the black fist, Uzi, Terminators
Terrordome techniques that terrorize the lighter shade-a
It's all about the game that we play every day
Eric B & Rakim flow to such a different way
I'm lovin' hip-hop cos it help brothers escape
Let's celebrate our music people before it's too late

[Chorus]
Whenever and ever
We want you, I need you (I need hip-hop)
Whenever and ever
We want you, do you feel the same way too? (I need hip-hop)

[Verse 3]
Survival Of The Fittest, Mobb Deep, and Lost Boyz
Lickin' shots got the game hot, they even flipped on 2Pac
Snoop Doggy Dogg put the West Coast in gear
Dr Dre, NWA, Eazy E's in here
I wanna tell the world they just don't understand
My man Nas Escobar, Wu-Tang Clan
Keith Murray to the Redman, down south Da Brat
My people are you with me where you at? Ya peep that?
I'm on a mission to rejuvenate the funk
Bring the game back and give the do-or-diers what they want
When you hear Craig Mack, Notorious B.I.G
Latifah, Heavy D, you should reminisce of me
Some say it's Naughty By Nature, "Hip-hop in all its glory"
A fleet of battleships floatin' in different categories
My love affair with hip-hop'll never fade away
Sincerely yours, LL Cool J
Peace

[Chorus]
Whenever and ever
We want you, I need you (I need hip-hop)
Whenever and ever
We want you, do you feel the same way too? (I need hip-hop)

[Outro]
Yeah, ain't no doubt about it kid, know I'm sayin'?
Hip-hop's the game, helped a lot of brothers escape
Take it to another level, know I'm sayin'?
It's our music, we own this music, know what I'm sayin'?
Word life! I wanna give a couple of shout outs here, know what I'm saying?
First of all, I wanna thank my man Baby Chris, y'nahmean?
Helped me put this Mr. Smith, Mr.Smith album together
Make it hot, know I'm sayin'?
Thank the Trackmasters-Poke & Tone, Steve Stoute
We definitely turning this joint out, y'nahmean
Word bond! Hip-hop for life, kid!
Yeah!

