

[Verse 1: Q-Tip]
Q-Tip is my title, I don't think that it's vital
For me to be your idol, but dig this recital
If you can't envision a brother who ain't dissing
Slinging this and that, 'cause this and that was missing
Instead, it's been injected, the Tribe has been perfected
Oh yes, it's been selected, the art makes it protected
Afrocentric living, Africans be givin'
A lot to the cause, 'cause the cause has been risen
Some brothers, they be flamming, thinking we ain't slammin'
Coming off like the days when we used to wear the tans and
A blue-collar talker, hemisphere stalker
A glass of OJ and a ten mile walk-a
If you're in a Jeep and you dig what you're hearing
Can I get a beep and a side order of cheering?
I am what I am, that's a tribal man
We all know the colors, we all must stand
As we start our travels, things they will unravel
"Que sera sera", for this unit is like gravel
Won't be gone for long, listen to the song
If you can't pull it, all ya gotta do is—

[Hook]
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along

[Verse 2: Phife Dawg]
Put one up for the Phifer, it's time to decipher
The ills of the world make the situation lighter
The clock is always ticking, the systems should be kickin'
Like Tip said in "Ham and Eggs", I eat chicken, chicken, chicken
Should I release the lever, the lever of the clever
Embellish on the funk as we start to endeavor?
The roots of the rap filling up the gap
With the smash of a hand and a little toe tap

[Verse 3: Q-Tip]
The boom, the bip—the boom-bip
Indicates to the brothers that we be on the flip tip
Phonies start to crumble, funky rhythm rumbles
Through the dance-hall, but my anthem is humble
It's the nitty-gritty, my time is itty-bitty
So I kick the slash for the gipper and the witty
This ain't trial and error, more like tribin' era
Constantly rude as some sort of tribal terror
The street can't depart from the bloody heart
Repair the wear and tear, don't stop 'fore it starts
Won't be gone for long, listen to the song
If you can't pull it, all ya gotta do is—

[Hook]
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along

[Verse 4: Q-Tip]
Marching off the project, we hope that you will subject
It's good to be an object and never, ever reject
The tribe who meanders with drunken propaganda
Keep it in boom and never will we slander
Redeems should be handed, don't let me demand it
Money gives a nudge to the poet star bandit
Control it, then recluse it, follow, you won't lose it
Mysterious is the tribe for we choose it
Although she's flipping crazy, give my love to Gracie
God, could you help 'cause this Quest is crazy spacey?
The pigs are wearing blue, and in a year or two
We'll be going up the creek in a great big canoe
What we gonna do, save me and my brothers?
Hop inside the bed and pull over the covers
Never will we do that and we ain't trying to rule that
We just want a slab of the ham, don't you know, black?
This society of fake reality
Are nothing but a peg of informality
While I sing my song, sing it all day long
If you can't pull it, all ya gotta do is—

[Hook]
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along
Push it along, push it along
Push it along, yeah, push it along

 

[Verse 1: Q-Tip]
Brother, brother, brother, Lucien, you're like no other
Listen very close 'cause I don't like to boast
Instead, I'll tell the tale of a French who prevailed
Through the Mr. Crazy Rabbits who were always on his tail
We ain't on sale, your rumor starts to wail
Get caught with stolen goods and you will go to jail
If you go to jail, then who will pay the bail?
Deport you back to France on a ship with a sail
Escargot, Lucien, you eat snails
(Hey yo Tip, what's wrong with snails?)
From the Zulu nation, from a town called Paris
Came to America to find liberty
Instead of finding pleasure, all you found was misery
But listen, Lucien, you have a friend in me
Oh, luck-luck will drive your butt batty
Next time you get some wheels, make it a Caddy
In terms of doing good, I know you wish you really could
But listen, brother man, I really think you can
Succeed with the breed of the brothers on your back
It's the creme de la creme, and you can vouch for that
It'll take a minute, rice, so take my advice
Trust in us, and thus you trust in your life
Lucien, Lucien, Lucien, Lucien
You should know!

[Break: Lucien]
- What? Oh Tip, man, why you do that to me, man?
I though he was a friend, bruh
Oh man, can't believe that
Oh, why you do that to me?
I wouldn't do it like this
I couldn't do it by myself
Yo, it's [?] it to my [?]

[Verse 2: Q-Tip]
Are you ready, Lu? This one is for you
Comin' from a true-blue, fits like a shoe
"¿Cómo está usted?" or "Comment allez-vous"
Lucien, I'll leave it up to you
Voulez-vous? (vous)
Rendez-vous (vous)
Coucou (cou)
Les poupous (pou)
Watch that lass, gonna backlash fast
Can you get a grip on the crackhead dip?
Sold you a paper bag, guess he saw you comin'
VCR from a neck-bone bummin'
$10 brother, he was hummin' and strummin'
Only had 20, he was livin' like ya slummin'
Gave him the money, well, I thought that was somethin'
Lookin' like a kid who was lost in crumbin'
Don't worry about a thing, I won't get specific
This is a song that is long and prolific
Think of the stuff that I said if you can
Figure it out, compute, understand
No problemo, I'll help you with your demo
If you go to the store for me
Lucien, I'm just kiddin'
You should know!

[Break: Lucien]
- Hey, yo, wassup' man? What's your name?
- What kind of accent is that?
- It's a french accent, you know, I'm french, I'm from Paris, don't you think it's sexy?
- No, it's not a sexy accent
- Oh, man ! Give me a try ! You try to kiss me enough? Hun? Oh please what! Love me french, french me love, everybody love my accent! Why nobody like it? Q-Tip [?] city of Paris. Why is that? Oh! I'm sexy, and I'm french, everybody love my accent, I'm the best, yes, yeah! Je t'aime! I love you! I love you oui, je t'aime! I'll teach you french, I'll make your french good!

[Verse 3: Q-Tip]
You gotta get a grip on the missions you'll be takin'
Not so much the mission, but you got crazy ignition
Sure, the sugar-babies wanna give you a chance
With the French "savoir faire" and the sexy glance
But is she really fly, or is she a guy?
I won't ask why, 'cause I know that you try
You try too hard, is that the answer to the riddle?
Instead of doin' so much, why don't you do just a little?
Boy, what a cad, I guess we shouldn't treat him bad
In fact, it would be nice if we understood him, right?
A case of positionin' the feet in the shoes
Sympathetic reason in the case of the blues
Lucien is blue, even though he's really brown
I had to make the sound, his life is too profound
On the up-and-up, he's somethin' like a little pup
Young and naive, it's hard to believe
As long as you're strong, you can quest with the Questers
Jolly like a jumping bean or a jester
Lucien, Lucien, Lucien, Lucien
You should know!

[Break: Lucien]
Oh Tip, everything, you gonna be alright, man
Thank you [?], man
I think I'll going home, man
Bye-bye, I'll see you tonight
Oh Tip, [?], I'm not here

 

[Verse 1: Q-Tip]
The taste of nuthin, this does somethin
Mom's got no back, says I'm frontin
Call me Smiley, cuz I'm wiley
Living life like the life of Riley
Smokin' blunts with a boy named Bud
We cough up your lungs, cough up your cud
Put out fires, with a 40, ounce of water
You know you oughta
Dance to this, the girl you kiss
I like fried foods, especially fish
Afrocentric, I'm electric
Socialistic and eccentric
Body's healthy, mind is wealthy
Thoughts, they flow, that will propel me
To be a Native, get creative
Original and designative
Listen to the line that's playin'
Listen hard to what Q's sayin'
Politicians are magicians
Make your vote, they hope you're wishin'
Ambiguous words, senseless verbs
They all amount to crap that's heard
Violent hip hop, money flip flops
Promoters won't book, but it still rocks
I'm a Zulu, yes, a true blue
Red Alert is with the poo-poo
Ozone layer, loses flava
Here's the edge that you will savor

[Interlude: Jarobi]
The economy... Politics... Police... Everything
Except for the youth
But the youth about to come back

[Q-Tip]
Alright, here they come
Uh oh, uh oh, uh!

[Verse 2: Q-Tip]
With expressions and I'm guessin
19 years is a youthful lesson
Fallin skies babe, open eyes babe
Can't you see what lays inside babe
Makin mentions on this tension
Rhythmic lovin, my profession
Hips, they gyrate, scripts I narrate
No banana, I ain't a primate
Ain't no Soul Glo, just an afro
The head is bred to let the thoughts grow
Quest together, to lands of never
Sleet and snow and storms can't sever
Tribe is growin, never know when
For this time, six necks may show in
Dialogues have been accepted
Negatives have been rejected
That's the music, negro music
Is here for all, so you must choose it
Phonies fondle, watch it throttle
3-6-5 straight out the bottle
Bustin caps, finger snaps
I prefer the second for ghetto tracks
Phife, Jarobi, Ali told me
Get the force like Wan Kenobi
Force his teachin, beats are screechin
Poly plateaus, we aim for reachin
Tribalization, freaks the nation
A mass of peers in celebration
Hopes been real high, since the knee high
Days of youth, feelin good and real spry
Avid combos, hear those bongos
Boom cacka boom, that's how they go
We ain't nomads, but we real glad
Hip hop slams through the nineties, no fad
As a rhythm, have been given
Hurry up, become, we breakin out, out

[Outro: Ali Shaheed Muhammad]
With a rhythmic instinction to be able to travel
Beyond existing forces of life
Basically, that Tribal
And if you wanna get the rhythm
Then you have to join a Tribe
Word, peace

 

[Intro: Jimi Hendrix & Q-Tip]
Rain all day
Rain all day
Don't you worry

[Verse 1: Q-Tip]
All I wanna do is get down y'all
Have a ball y'all and freak freak y'all
Lifeless ventures ain't new boo
So don't boo hoo, yeah, you too
Gotta get a grip like culture
Swoop down, swoop down like a vulture
The rhythms will lurk into people
All funk ain't created equal
Lookin for the beat to rupture
Like the rapture, gotta capture
Don't let the storm of life scare ya
Get funky, let me prepare ya
For the days of grimness and oppression
Aiyo bro, here's your lesson
Even though the rain starts pourin
Start reachin, start soarin
Don't stop, if you do, you're stallin
Rhythm savior, hear ya callin
Instrumental to be freaky
Go ahead in the rain and you'll see

[Verse 2: Q-Tip]
Can't we make you see
I mean, the fact that is the key, I mean
Devoted to the arts of movin' butts, so get on up and...
Think about what's yours
I mean your culture and your laws
I mean, I label you a sucka
If you're dumber, just stay dumber
But stay in line and keep groovin'
If it's movin, if it's soothin
Don't let a little thing like rain keep you under
Or the thunder, look and wonder
Stomp til your soul is lifted
Get with it, rhythm's with it
Get inside the groove and get nasty
Funky nasty, crazy classy
Money is a first on the list here
It's the good time, it's the good cheer
If you got the ride then ride it
Don't hide it, provide it
Drop, drop, drop down the pants, shake your fanny
Cuz it's handy, not an Annie
Rock to the roll with the hair down
Get the lowdown, rhythm showdown
The simple explanation is nada
Make it hotter, thanks, de nada
If you wanna hear what I'm sayin
Clean your ears and just come on and groove

