

First one it's a shock
A second helping not good enough
Third time lucky and you've arrived!
If you have any doubts then try once more...

Maybe i was too impressed...
He flattered i was blushing
He found my joie de vivre so cute and rather touching
Himself so upwardly mobile, so cerebral, clever
Could i ever live up to his dreams
Or would i like to play a part in his scheme?
I don't think so...

I have my plans and brave ambition
Knowing no bounds, no inhibitions
'nd i'm aware there's a lesson in every fall
So next time i'll get closer

First one it's a shock
A second helping not good enough
Third time lucky and you've arrived!
If you have any doubts then try one more time

Later i met a boy whose inner life was his true passion
We did connect in an exploratory fashion
He claimed what tie us to this mortal coil we should sever
Could i ever live up to his dreams
Or would i like to play a part in his scheme?
Oh i fear not...

I have my plans and brave ambition
Knowing no bounds, no inhibitions
'nd i'm aware there's a lesson in every fall
So next time i might get it right

 

Tender feelings heal with flowers
When your woes and sorrows leave you overwhelmed
For the state of endless sadness or uncompleted mourning
Take Star of Bethlehem

There's willow if bitter, when helpless, wild rose
Some sunshine wattle revives all lost hopes
But for a simple case of longing
What are we to do when we're homeless in our hearts?
(Homeless hearts and souls)

Some of us take daring chances following our lovers
The passion we can trust...
Others just cannot sit still
They're driven by the power of mighty wanderlust

Wherever we go, God, we're trying so hard
To make every place feel like home left behind
But despite of all endeavours--nothing changed, as ever
We're homeless in our hearts...

But I'm yearning no more
'Cause I found my home in you
And now it's where I belong
I gave up the world to be with you

Come to me, I'll soothe your yearning...

Is this what you've always dreamed of?
The aim of our desire is hard to recognize
It often stares you in the face
And yet, against all reason
Takes the longest time to find

You circle the globe, go native, go far...
But it's not a country or a town, not a house...

What's the use of distant travel if only to discover
You're homeless in your heart?

But I'm yearning no more
'Cause I found my home in you
And now it's where I belong
I gave up the world to be with you

So come to me, I'll soothe your yearning...

