

[Intro]
Uh, uh!
Yeah, yeah!
Uh, uh!
(Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!)
Yeah, yeah!
(Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!)
Uh, uh!
(Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!)
Yeah, yeah!
(Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!)
Uh, uh!
(Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!)

[Verse 1]
I give [?] to ladies who say that they need it
All you braggin' about perpetratin' pimp-hoes beat it
It's not my fault that I'm the man you wanna mimic
A gentleman [?] rapper, back off me, that's my gimmick
You're not dapper, your suit's not from the tailor
You bought it off the rack because you're wack and plus a failure
Grab my mic, no nah you can't reach it
A-be like me, you couldn't learn it if I teach ya
Now I don't know some rappers from Adam (yeah)
I won't brag and try to say that I can wreck 'em (yeah)
See I hold my own and protect my perimeter
I won't limit him or even limit her
I do what I do and that's for me
Nevertheless it sounds selfish but that's the key
And I don't hang with those people who likes to half step
'Cause that will result in me havin' a bad rep
And I don't need no bad publicity
Walkin' around havin' no names dissin' me
Sayin' I get taxes if I'm a salary
Knowing my songs [?] as if it was a calorie
'Cause I'm that man that ladies be glad to see
When it comes to women I specialize in the anatomy
Now talk about me like a Hollywood scandal
Uh! 'Cause I'm sure hard to handle, uh!

[Hook]
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Uh)
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Yeah, yeah!)
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Uh, uh!)
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Yeah, yeah!)
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Uh, uh!)
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Yeah, yeah!)
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Uh, uh!)

[Verse 2]
Now life's a game and I live it accordingly
Brothers are jel' 'cause women are supporting me
They bought an album and plus the show ticket
They wanna see the original rapper who's praised by the critics
Not fall short because I don't fall short of
Every women's thought that means I'm always thought of
Take 'em slim and fat with a name like Jane Doe
Even take your hoe and put a tag on your toe
I'm giving women life for all those who wanna get it (and)
So cut your man baby, call the paramedics (what else)
Life's too short to be carryin' around dead weight
Make that move right now before it's too late
I'm hard to handle that means you can't grip me
I can't be whipped, baby don't try to whip me
I can't be blown, thrown or shown
I said the only thing Positive can be is known
Worldwide and even locally
Yeah, all instrumental and ya'know vocally
I got the voice that makes the almighty dollar
Get a ring around your [?] around your collar
When you mess with [?] Cinderella
If you see her tell her Positive's a smooth fella

[Hook]
Uh, yeah!
Uh, yeah!
Uh, yeah!
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Uh, yeah!)
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Uh, yeah!)
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge! (Uh, yeah!)
I'm the best thing that came since grits!

[Verse 3]
Now back up off and stop jackin' off
And all my battles won were strictly by forfeit
Some saw the beginning but none saw the ending
With the thought of winning but the title's still pending (damn)
Then me, the holder, strictly 'cause I took ya
Said that you're raw, but nah I think I cooked ya
You're done, well done, matter-fact crispy
Now you hung around sayin' "Pos, why you diss me?!"
I'm not mediocre, the Batman or the Joker
Life is a game similar to poker
But I'm a flush, yes a flush that's royal
My girl is always loyal unlike they Olive Oil
Steppin' in the boots, I think I'll smack him to a finish
Popeye's a punk for relyin' on some spinach
I get fed up, I go head up
[?] I'm shoppin' I might pull the lead off (hmmm)
'Cause I'm a sinner with an itchy trigger finger
A bone so hot I got to turn off your ringer (c'mon)
I took all I could stand, can't stand no more (what else)
My house is decorated in a modern decor
My clothes have a Positive K signature
And I'm sure next year I'ma headline the tour
Like that y'all (that y'all), Positive K (Mmm)
Yes in the night and also the day
I say that I've done because I did it
I'ma end the song by tellin' Silver D to hit, c'mon

[Outro]
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!
Pass me the mic 'cause I'm off the ledge!

 

"You're on the air"
"Positive and L.G."
"That's that you know that really sounds
That that sounds uhh provacative"

[Verse 1]
Jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump!
Jump up and down and yo get excited (uh, yeah)
Positive K, L.G. reunited (step up)
Got a Phillie blunt, now don't ya dare light it (uh, c'mon)
This is my rhyme and I'm gonna recite it
First up to bat, Pos K the party wrecker
Got more moves than an effin' game of checkers
Askin' if I'm nice with mine, don't say sorta
I can sell an Eskimo a glass of cold water
It ain't no doubt you get knocked in ya mouth
Be the eighth MC, that Rakim didn't talk about
All types of Positive, that's what the girls say
Grown damn man, got no time for child's play
Scoop your daughter, be scared you oughta
I'm so bad, that I can rob a drip of water
I'm a new breed far from a young seed
Like a Boy Scout daily do my good deed
The rhyme was speed but like a turtle be movin'
I'm slow and funky in other words - I be groovin'!
Cause I'm the master, quenchin' your thirst just like a Shasta
Because he wanna - no, say because he has ta
I satisfy, get 'em high just like a spanish fly
Once and for all, let me tell you who the eff am I
Cause I'm the man, from here to Afghanistan
Cambodia, even Iran
But I never ran, and matter of fact I never tried it
In a contest me fess, man you just the next man, got it?
Good, he didn't know I coulda woulda shoulda meant
And if he coulda, I think I he woulda shoulda went
If I didn't tell ya, then how would you know?
Positive K's not your ordinary Joe
I slay the dragon and freak the evil king;
Scoop the princess, put her under my wing
Make her sing a song sayin', "What a relief it is"
If that ain't flavor - pssh - what is?

{*"In comes the one"*} One to the head y'all
{*"In comes the one"*} One to the head y'all
{*"In comes the one"*} Uhh one to the head y'all yeah c'mon
{*"In comes the one"*} Uhh one to the head y'all
{*"In comes the one"*} Uhh one to the head y'all
{*"In comes the one"*} One to the head y'all
{*"In comes the one"*} One to the head y'all
{*"In comes the one, the one"*}

[Verse 2]
Ladies look at me as a man of leisure
Cause I can do the things that can definitely please her
Brothers like to scramble, hustle, gamble
Women take the skin when I got a hell of a handle
A chip off the block cause my daddy was a player
Other words, hon, that means you don't have a prayer
I gots the gifted tongue; the thing's from a cobra
If I kick it to ya baby, it's all over
Been around the world and my style nobody's fazin' it
Cause I'm sweet, sweeter than a Raisinette
But on the other hand I'm hotter than Tabasco
You rhyme first and I'll be the last to go
I might win, lose or even draw
But it ain't nuttin' that I ain't never seen before
The only thing is yo, I never lost it
All I did was reinforce it
Now I'm sturdy, sturdy as a girder
Versatile with capabilities of murder
Protectin' my honor as if I was a samurai
"Oh my back!" is the sounds when I slam a guy
I'm not above comedy and playin'
That's just my simple way of sayin'

Uhh, a-like that y'all one to the head
Uhh, like that y'all one to the head
Uhh, like that y'all one to the head yup
A-like that y'all one to the head y'all
Uh like that, uh like that
Uh to the head y'all one to the head y'all
A-like that y'all, one to the head y'all
A-like that y'all

[Verse 3]
I'm gonna drop this rhyme!
I'm gonna drop this rhyme!
I'm gonna drop this rhyme!
I hope it does skyrocket
If it does I'll be paid in my pockets
With fly things like Rolex watches and
Fur minks and diamond links
You see I got over the hump, bumped a lot of chumps
Just like the mumps my pockets got lumps
On the contrary, as a kid I was seein' every
Santa Claus didn't bring me things I wanted him to carry
Like a, mansion and yacht, a big fat knot
A girl with a Benz who love me a lot
Nevertheless there's things about me that you probably would never know
Datin' back, to when I was just an embryo
But that's a theory matter of fact a hypothesis
Coming from the abdomen directly to the esophagus
Protect myself against mishaps and tragedies
Against backstabbers, faggot MC's I didn't leave
So don't welcome me back, as if I'm Kotter
For starters I'm gettin' more points than the Harlem Globetrotters
Not flexin' or vexin', I'm a man who's modest
And when I speak, I just likes to be honest
Some say how I got famous this quick:
Cause I'm original like Kentucky Fried Chicken and the biscuit
Loop your beats and save it on the diskette
For girls in the mini-skirts and the fishnets
High heel pumps and their hair all done up
I see 'em like that, I can't help but run up
Kick the gab and throw 'em in the limo
Take 'em to the crib just to make a little demo

Uh, one to the head, one to the head
One to the head, one to the head
One to the head, one to the head
One to the head, one to the head y'all

