

[Intro]
1, 2, 3, 4

[Verse 1]
It was an average night, backstage at a show
I seen this girlie that I knew, she was a cutie and yo!
She had it goin' on, from her head to her feet
Her shape was so petite, and so unique
Her eyes, flamed with passion like she was possessed
As I shivered and quivered, while she rubbed on my chest
'Slaved and engraved I couldn't scream, huh
Moaning and groaning like she could take on the A-Team
I was one of many that she'd choose
Do me, pursue me, twice as nice but don't refuse
Leaving her breathless as the sweat poured on
The spot that I was in was so soft and warm
This was far from a story you will find in a book
Hot off the platter, and boy, could she cook
Roastin' my body it left a stain in my brain
And all I kept sayin' to myself was

[Chorus]
Stop that train, I wanna' get off
Stop that train, I wanna' get off

[Verse 2]
Oh my God, what have I got into?
Sooner or later I thought she'd get the clue
Cause my body was tired and full of sweat and perspire
The situation I was in could've started a campfire
No more skeezin' and teasin' for the Ice right now
I found me a corner, play it cool for a while
Just mackin' and schemin' on a woman I thought was cool
But now I realize that the Ice was the fool
Cause a woman will play you, lay you and obey you
You better watch your back, cause a woman will slay you
Not to mention the one who got me
Yea, she got me, the I-C-E
But, back to the story of a one night stand
I thought I was strong but she was He-man
Lovin' every second tryin' to make me blush
And all 'n all it was for the lust
I though, she was an angel, and soft as a cream puff
Until I seen her come out with the whip and handcuffs
Breathin' down my neck I was scared to death
The sweat from my body as it rolls down my neck
And out of all nights, where was my crew?
Cause this was somethin' I didn't know what to do
Dee already told me that the girlie was strange
But I didn't know, until she pulled out the chains
Walkin' and stalkin' towards me with a plan
And now I regret all the things I was sayin'
Now the moment is critical, so what should I do?
Leave while I can, or just take the abuse
Now I'm drippin' with sweat, Why? cause I'm afraid
Handcuffs and chains is a game I don't play
No doubt in my mind that the girlie is the boss
Stop this train cause I wanna get off!

[Chorus]
Stop that train, I wanna' get off
Stop that train, I wanna' get off

[Verse 3]
Later on that night as it got worse
My body's steamin' up and I was ready to burst
She had me hot as a skillet taken from a flame
And my admission was free for me to ride on this train
Yea, I must admit to myself, it was fun
But, now I'm lookin' for my shoes, I'm ready to run
So, now I'm hopin' and prayin' for the moment to come
Cause I couldn't move and my body was numb
So, now what have I done to get myself into this?
It started from a kiss, now I'm ready to resist
I couldn't take it no more, on the bed, or the floor
My knees were gettin' weak and my back was gettin' sore
The room was destroyed, not to mention my body
Why did I ever tell her to "Pump it, Hottie?"
What could I do to just ease the pain?
I think I'll let the hook just try to explain

[Chorus]
Stop that train, I wanna' get off
Stop that train, I wanna' get off
Stop that train, I wanna' get off
Stop that train, I wanna' get off

 

[Intro]
1, 2, 3, 4
Hit it, hit it

[Verse 1]
Yeah, here's a story bout' my homeboy Randy
He was hooked on a girl named Candy
Started off as sex for fun
Now the girl's got him on the run
Made love to her just one time
Now she runs his body and mind
He calls everyday on the phone
But baby's playin' games ("Leave a message at the tone")
Soft and gentle is not her style
This girl is so damn wild
All my partners wanna get next to her
But she ain't down with that, She moves right through 'em
Yeah, like paper plates
Tears 'em up and she throws 'em away
If you had any guts today
You'd get your butt up, and you'd walk away
But you're hooked

[Chorus 1]
Hooked, hooked
Know what I'm sayin', you're hooked, hooked
Hooked (Two, hit it!)

[Verse 2]
Yo, Get tough was your new campaign
Cryin' over a girl, boy, you're insane
She treats you like a dirty diaper
Use you one time and then she wipes you out
You understand what I'm sayin'?
If you're a man, you'll stop delaying and betraying
Try to act like you were mack
You can't go an hour without that sex attack
What's wrong, boy, is it that good? (You got it!)
There's a lot of girls that would and could
Take you, But you're so damn weak
I think you need to seek
Professional help, For your problems
Lay on the couch and let the doctor solve 'em
Talkin' to you and now he took your money
You're took on that honey, You're hooked (Hooked, hooked, hooked, hooked...)

[Chorus 2]
Hooked, hooked
Fellas, you know what I'm sayin', he's hooked
Ain't got an ounce of mack in him, he's hooked

[Verse 3]
Yeah, baby, run you, she takes your money
While you'll kick back cryin' over honey
Now, I must admit she's fly
But i'll be damned if oh me oh my
If I ever let a girl run my thing
I'm poppin' it the most, you know what I'm sayin'?
So understand, you gotta be real hard
Don't treat her like a dog, but let her know
You'll pull her card if she ever gets outta hand
What is you a boy or a man?
Stand up and tell baby you ain't gonna be shook
Yo punk, you're hooked on that s-s-s-y
I don't know why
I don't stand by
And just let a girl run over me
Fool, I'm a man, can't you see?
Boy, you're hooked

[Chorus 3]
Yeah, you're hooked, might as well give her to me man
Let me do the wild thing, you're hooked
Shoot, I'm poppin' it man, you're hooked

[Interlude]
Yo man, check it out, let me talk to you for sec
So, what's up, Vanilla?
Yo man, come here man, what?
You know, man, you ain't doin' it right. You're off man
See, you know what the problem is?
That ring I bought her... The diamonds weren't big enough (Nah man)
I'm tellin' ya' the diamonds weren't... I'm goin'... You know
What she wants... I'm goin' tell ya'... (Nah man, nah)
When I first met her she said she wanted a 'vette (A 'vette?!)
I'm gonna' get her a vette
No man, no...a 'vette...
I'm gonna get her the 'vette! (No man, hey, wait up!)

[Verse 4]
Now it's Saturday, the day you hate most
Why, because from coast to coast
You see girls everyday in the club, cold kickin' it
Reminds you of baby when you used to be wit' it
But now she took you one time for sex and you're so sprung
That the next time she seen you
We knew, she had to leave you
Boy, you're hooked

[Chorus 4]
Boy, you're hooked
Boy, you're hooked
Hooked
Hooked

