

[Intro]
Attitude is... madness
Attitude is... personality
Attitude is... flexibility
Attitude is balls
Attitude is... talkin
Attitude is ways and actions
Actions and ways
Attitude is the Rump!

[Verse One: The Capitol L.S., Sha-Now (Remedy Man), Jeranimo]
[The Capitol L.S.]
I'm, the one! That gets that deeper job done
Refuse to Jump Around and rhymin' like a burnt one
But don't hold bars, you got to get out of the midst
Split teeth grit, but your shit don't mean SHIT
Bustin' to the backs when Flip, Modes
Although I'm only XTO's
Beware of the vocal when I'm shinin' like gold
Get fold, I'mma slip into dangerous mode

[Sha-Now (Remedy Man]
Here comes the Now when I deal with aspect of
The loom and my attitude swells and a phone can't cop
No please don't freeze, lyrics are run to seige
I'm known as a mess, when I rhyme silly pleas
Bad boy big mouth, I smack you way south
Where the birds go, when the weather gets kinda cold
Use an instructive tongue or you get flunked
As I boot out my burner and I flank up your block
Knowing that you're one who pays a freaky cop
But I won't stop cause the Sha-Now just took your spot

[Jeronimo]
To the bump bass! Styles comin' down I need elbow space
I got mad stress hangin' off a face that's
Attitude I'm in the mood to be rump
Number one dump, niggas are pussy, time to hump
I'm gettin' ready for the skin
Go for sex I flex and throw mens
And shit pens and legends and clips
I'm the last Mohican, heat seekin' the bit
Hip-hop and rock when Jeranimo's rippin'
It's an Indian summer
Planet sounds is thumpin'
Oh goody gumdrop, there's props
Rumple to the ill got skills, chill
Hard knocks

[Chorus]
My attitude is fucked up, and real shitty! (8X)

[Verse Two: Jeranimo, L.S., Remedy Man]

[Jeronimo]
When it's Jeranimo, everyone, yell timber
This apache war, skin raw yeah enter
My inner, hardcore center hold scouts
I take space or racial thoughts with the doubts
We 'bouts about super superb on curbs
Kind of fresh guess best, press, the answer
Is yes, for nuttin' all over your face
And you don't have to say you're...
Damn, my attitude is rude
It's another bad mood, hahah release
Rumple-in', killin', skillin', original styles
No peace I shout, much stress and I'm out

[L.S.]
I would think eligible, always willin to tell a few
Rappers, dappers, butt skill rappers, that I'm about to
Blow up! In ninety-four or tomorrow
But yet, still flow, talkin' about super tracks
And lips gonna be flappin', and yappin'
Ten thousand plans...
Make it a thousand hands
Cunts simply chargin' to feel my funk
But they gets nothing but a bunch of jeep bump
Tell me something, what makes the female sex
Want to swing with a singer [laughter]
I got a partner he can sing but shhh, it's on the DL

[Sha-Now (Remedy Man)]
Wrap my fist grip it tight, break the skull on the mic
From my well fittin' rhyme that this Rump will recite
I love to see when the noise gets the crowd hype
In life for detention -- I need more affection
Thinking things with a feel of redemption
Soak the attention, I gets no detention
For not lettin' Sha say what it's worth mentionin'
Too much funk with a touch be a Rump
Attitudes act up increase but never cease
When we feed the ears from China to Peru

[Chorus]
My attitude is fucked up, and real shitty! (8X)
Crossin' that line! (8X)
Crossin' that line, head for the border
Crossin' that line, head for the border...

 

[HOOK]

This is something that the hoods would like

[Capital LS]

A brother tried to come and get loose - but shorty ain't got the juice
Came and tried to rip shit down at the ???, backtrack coz papa got the juice
When ??? my moms I always had my two cents, ???
Slide through the fence, my culture got me hemmed up by the feds
Roughen up the styles intense
I makes and breaks the ??? shaker, ??? LS ???
Now or Laters ??? cross-fader, three niggas ??? the crowd [WHO'S GREATER?]
Well I'm the craziest rapper, skip on the new jack, Milo in de Dance ??? rap
??? styles like that, rugged tunes got the ??? so phat
??? the period black (WHO'S THAT?)
The lyrics ??? the bat

[HOOK]

[Jeranimo]

??? facts
??? Arm a Leg a Leg a Arm a Head shake the ??? the whole pack's dead
My energy's ??? time to kill, well I will, I will spill guts
From the LONS and ??? cuts, and to all the crew cuts
I live at 744 Macon Place Uniondale (NEW YORK)
Kick a ??? talk, be careful 'bout the way you walk
??? (EMCEES) and not ??? and wannabes
In 93 all you'll be seeing is Rumple checks ??? on a deck ??? took the wrong route
(SELLOUT)
??? played out, only birds fly high with grace
Mohican, [I'M FREAKIN'] ??? in place

[HOOK]

[Sha-Now]

And then I heard that my word is bond
Regardless to whom and what and lot of brothers don't give a (FUCK)
Culture and freedom is my way of life
As the game of politics made us live more in trife
Strong people, rise in many phases
Tactics to win back ??? stages
(TRICKERY) ??? to the front line, ??? more time
To brainwash the masses he can't get in my mind
Due to the fact that my mind is in line with the scribe
Knowledge of self is my armour
Suited to fit me so I can go farther
Remedy Man, Remedy Man, Remedy Man - RUMPLETILSKINZ

[HOOK]

