

Body of a superstar, the mind of a 10-year-old
She wants to take you for a ride, the stella has hair of gold
The lights are on upstairs, but is anybody home?
She's not lookin' for a man, the girly wants to be alone

She's the queen of glamorous, everything is right
All the fellas have a fit, anytime she walks by
This woman would be dangerous, if she had a mind
When Blondie tells you what you want to hear, don't waste your time

[Chorus:]
And her name is Blondie, sexy socialite
Dumb blonde
Diggin' out on the town any given night
And her name is Blondie, the queen of glamorous
And the game is money, the girl is dangerous

Blondie was a victim to everything she liked
She likes money, fine clothes and fancy cars, but her name she could not write
Blondie is a certain type, she's not yellow, black or white
But you can find her out diggin' in the finer spots on any given night

Her fatal beauty's blinding and her intentions not kind
She tried to take a part of me, but I caught on in time
She lives a life of make believe, takes what she wants and leaves
Blondes, they do have more fun, but how dumb is she?

[Chorus]

Blondie, my glamorous superstar. You took it much too far
And now you look like "What happened?"
Blondie, a dangerous socialite. She hangs out every night
And the neighborhood game is to dog you blind

Yeah! - Blondie!
Blondie is a dumb blonde
Hey Blondie, ooh ooh

Oh ooh ooh ooh, oh ooh ooh - Yeah!
Oh ooh ooh ooh, oh ooh ooh - Everything is right
Oh ooh ooh ooh, oh ooh ooh - She's the queen of glamorous
Oh ooh ooh ooh, oh ooh ooh - Whoo!

She's the queen of glamorous, everything is right
All the fellas have a fit, anytime she walks by
This woman would be dangerous, if she had a mind
When Blondie tells you what you want to hear, if you're smart, you won't waste your time

[Chorus]

All the sexy socialites... sing! Yeah!
Fellas! - The girl is dangerous! - Yes
Fellas! - The girl is dangerous! - That's right

Is it true that blondes have more fun? Oh Lawd. - The girl is dangerous!
I think I need some horns. That's right. - The girl is dangerous!

Come on Blondie
.... Wait a minute, where are we going Morris? I don't understood
Some things just ain't meant to be understood
.... Like what?
I'm one of the eight wonders of the world
.... I thought there were only 7
Ain't nobody bad, but me
.... Ouh
Blondie?
.... That's not my name
That's right. You ain't got to go home, but you got to get the hell outta here
.... Wait, wait a minute
Uh, but you got to go
.... Nooo
Uh, but you got to go
.... Oooooh?
You got to go
.... Nooo!
I said, you got to go
.... But can't we talk?

The girl is dangerous! - Ooh ooh, ooh ooh

Playin' rock 'n' roll!
Morris is playin' rock 'n' roll!

 

[Verse 1: Morris Day]
Hey girl, when are you comin' back?
Don't know what I'm supposed to do to fill this emptiness
Never thought I'd miss you, but this feelin' I can't hide
It comes in the middle of the day and it stays through the night

[Chorus: Morris Day & The Time]
(Sometimes I get lonely) When it's late at night
(I think of you only) When I want to hold somebody tight
(Sometimes I get lonely) And filled with emptiness, yeah
(Sometimes I get lonely) For love

[Verse 2: Morris Day]
Baby, let me slow this thing down
Think I need a change of pace, think I'll spread myself around
There's only so much time in a day, and I've got things to do, baby
So I'm not gonna spend my time waiting on you

[Chorus: Morris Day & The Time]
(Sometimes I get lonely) You better come home, yeah
(I think of you only) When I want to hold somebody tight
(Sometimes I get lonely) And filled with emptiness, yeah
(Sometimes I get lonely) For love, oh
(Sometimes I get lonely) When it's late at night
(I think of you only) When I want to hold somebody tight
(Sometimes I get lonely) And filled with emptiness
(Sometimes I get lonely) For love

[Bridge: Morris Day & The Time]
(You're leavin' home) So when you're leavin' home?
(Call me) And you're not comin' right back
Just let me know, so I can find some happiness, somewhere else

So what's it gonna be baby?
I think it's about time you start thinkin' about me
Ooh, don't make me wait, baby
If you know what I'm talkin' about, fellas, help me out

[Chorus: Morris Day & The Time]
(Sometimes I get lonely) Hey girl, yeah
(I think of you only) When I want to hold, hold you
(Sometimes I get lonely) And filled with emptiness, hey girl
(Sometimes I get lonely) For love
(Sometimes I get lonely) When it's late, when it's late at night, yeah
(I think of you only) When I want to hold somebody tight
(Sometimes I get lonely) And filled with emptiness, hey girl
(Sometimes I get lonely) For love
(Sometimes I get lonely) Baby, you don't know how it feels when it's late at night
(I think of you only) When I wanna hold you, when I wanna squeeze you tight
(Sometimes I get lonely) Tonight I'm lonely, yeah
(Sometimes I get lonely) For love, for love, hey, yeah

[Outro: Morris Day & The Time]
If you want to please me, please don't tease me
Don't make me wait girl
If you want to please me, please don't tease me
I want to hold your body tight
If you want to please me, please don't tease me
So what's it gonna be, baby?
Sometimes I get lonely
Sometimes I get lonely
Sometimes I get lonely
Sometimes I get lonely

